welcome to Mexico thank you so what do
you like about Mexico what do you like
the most
well I like the people mostly I don't
get a chance to go sightseeing that much
but it's been really nice too because
you don't want to stay you have to stay
it's not that I don't want to say I want
to stay but I came from just this week
Japan Korea Brazil in here and your dogs
are very cute what is this one's name
again sushi this is sushi this is money
else she okay very yes I have Jack my
Jack Russell and he's a vegan swim in
water but yeah he swims like a fish so
he can jump about this high yes and I
have a Yorkshire terrier giver Yorkshire
Terrier too right
yeah her name my name is Jin her name is
ginger I got her from a dealer like in
New Jersey or something a long time ago
yeah nice always ah she's she's getting
up there she's maybe like six or seven
but she acts like a baby and she's very
mean to jack I can't because every
country has their own rules like about
dogs and all that stuff yeah all over
Europe and stuff so I can plus it's not
the best to travel that much
that's a cute one illustrator but so is
she with some of your songs I do three
men do sing do you like those well right
now being that I just finished charm
bracelet it's a very very personal album
and it's really hard to choose which one
is my favorite because they are very
like hopeful songs and there are songs
that are like more happy and uplifting
basically the album tells a story from
the beginning to the end if you read the
lyrics along with it but I wrote and you
listened to the whole album you kind of
get it's almost like reading my diary so
I have a lot of favorites from my past
albums but this is probably my favorite
album so you do write I write every of
their oh oh do I write in the diary no
my songs are my diary I do I do I do
keep them I keep feeling in addition
mm-hmm
I usually scribble at a lot of pages and
throw them out a lot and so I go through
a lot of different dietary throwings
just like throw the most because
sometimes people makes plans people drop
I draw hearts to draw heart
and I've half a tie a grill space in my
life how you doing yeah I'm not you know
no Picasso no but can you can do by
yourself
oh definitely and we have to bring the
dogs yeah look okay artful Mexican
things okay this Mexican how does he do
it it's money you do this so when you
travel around you have to put this in so
are we good at that thank you can you
sign this yes all this for you oh thank
you
mariachi doesn't like thank you
can I keep the dogs